earthquake-data: update docs and nifi flows (#318)
stackabletech/demos: docs/modules/demos/pages/nifi-kafka-druid-earthquake-data.adoc

...
Topic: earthquakes	TopicId: ND51v_XcQPK4Ilm7A35Pag	PartitionCount: 8	ReplicationFactor: 1	Configs: min.insync.replicas=1,segment.bytes=100000000,retention.bytes=900000000
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 0	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 1	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 2	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 3	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 4	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 5	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 6	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
	Topic: earthquakes	Partition: 7	Leader: 1243966388	Replicas: 1243966388	Isr: 1243966388	Elr: 	LastKnownElr:
----

You can see that Kafka consists of one broker, and the topic `earthquakes` with eight partitions has been created. To

> see some records sent to Kafka, run the following command. You can change the number of records to print via the `-c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see some records sent to Kafka, run the following command. You can change the number of records to print via the `--max-messages`
```
